1: List all hotels whose name’s third alphabet has a ‘t’. Order the result in desceding order
by hotelname.

ANS: select hotelname from hotel where hotelname LIKE "__t%" order by hotelname desc;

2: List all those hotels, rooms which were booked by those guests who are from Glasgow
and their first name is Tony or last name is Farrel. List the guest detail as well.

ANS: SELECT * from hotel, booking, guest WHERE guestname LIKE "%Tony%" or guestname Like "%Farrel%" and 
guestaddress= "12 Park Pl Glasgow" or guestaddress="6 Achray St, Glasgow";

3: List the room no. along with its hotel no and hotelname, whose price is second most
highest.

ANS: select hotelno, hotelname,price from hotel,room order by price desc LIMIT 1,1;

4: List all the room nos. which were booked in the period 2005-2010. Also display the
room’s hotel no and hotel name.

ANS: select roomno, hotelno, hotelname from  hotel,room,booking where datefrom AND dateto BETWEEN 
"2004-01-01" AND "2010-01-01";

5: List the room no. along with its hotel no and hotelname, who have third most lowest price
in the room category of type single.

ANS: select roomno, hotelno,hotelname from  hotel,room,booking where type="single" order by price
desc limit 2,1;

6: List all the hotel’s name which have double as well as family type rooms.

ANS: select hotelname from hotel,room where type="double" AND type="family";

7: List all the hotels which have single as well as double type rooms but no family type
room.

ANS: select hotelname from hotel,room where type="single" AND type="double";

8: List all double or family rooms with a price below £40.00 per night, in ascending order of
price. Also display the room’s hotel no and hotel name.

ANS: select hotelname,hotelno,type from  hotel,room where price < 40.00 AND type="double" OR type="family";

9: List the price and type of all rooms at the Grosvenor Hotel.

ANS: select type, price from  hotel,room where hotelname="Grosvenor";

10: List all guests currently staying at the Watergate Hotel.

ANS: select guestname from hotel,booking,guest where hotelname="Watergate";

11: List those hotels which have greater than 2 rooms.

ANS: select hotelname from  hotel,room where roomno > 2;

12: List the number of rooms in each hotel in London.

ANS: select roomno from hotel,room where city="London";
